Update multiserv-multienv.md with multiservice feature flag (#3788)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/advanced/multiserv-multienv.md

![](./static/multiserv-multienv-24.png)

## Propagating multiple services

By default, you cannot propagate the multiservices from one stage to a subsequent stage.

> Currently, to enable multiservice propagation, you must have the Harness feature flag `CDS_MULTI_SERVICE_PROPAGATION` enabled in your Harness account. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, to enable multiservice propagation, you must have the Harness feature flags `MULTI_SERVICE_INFRA` and `CDS_MULTI_SERVICE_PROPAGATION` enabled in your Harness account. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```
